Ex 2.1
a. Hill-climbing solution, simulated annealing

b. Both algorithms seem to work at the same speed.

c. The starting value does not seem to make a difference in the solution values. There is only one maximum and random starting values don't affect the algorithm's ability to find it. 

d. After changing the delta to 0.1, hill climbing value was closer to the maximum than the simluated annealing. Reducing the delta further to 0.01 shows similar results with hill-climbing getting better results than simulated annealing. The delta value controls the range that th e search function is allowed to search in. A lower delta prevents simulated annealing from finding the maximum because it is restricted in its search by that small range. Hill-climbing works with that smaller range because it works towards the maximum with that range. 

e. exp_shedule() controls the inital temperature, the maximum temperature and the cooling as the algorithm progresses and maps time to temperature. 

Ex 2.2
a. Simulated annealing seems to do better. There are cases when the inital value is low and this makes simulated annealing get negative values as its solutions. Otherwise, simulated annealing gets closer to the goal state than hill-climbing. 

b. The starting value affects hill-climbing more than simulated annealing. Simulated annealing is less affected by the randomness of the starting value but is not fully immune to it.  

c. Hill-climbing does better and closer to simulated annealing with a dela of 0.1. At a delta of 0.01, simulated annealing starting getting worse than hill-climbing.
When the delta is larger than 1, simulated annealing gets values higher than the maximum. Hill-climbing not seem to get better with higher deltas.

d. The minimum value is 0 and the max is 30. Simulated annealing is more consistently close to the max than hill climbing but sometimes gets further away by giving negative values. 

Ex. 2.3

a. Simulated annealing tends to get values higher than the maximum possible goal when run in random restarts. Random restart hill-climbing gets closer to the goal more consistently with random restarts than without it. 

b. On one run with 100 restarts, random restart hill-climbing had an average x of 17.8 and value of 16.6. 

Random restart simulated annealing had an average x of 19.2 and value of 11. 

c. Simulated annealing seems to do better than hill-climbing but does not stay within the range allowed by the problem. Hill-climbing with 100 restarts consitently got to the max value. It is also faster than simulated annealing.

Ex 2.4
a. I think it could be implemented as part of simulated annealing. Simulated annealing uses probability as part of its algorithm and getting information from other searches about better probabilities would improve its searching ability. It could also be implemented as a hill-climbing solution where the final states of the best runs are stored and they become the initial states of the next set of runs. 
b. The number of solutions that can be maintainted would depend on the capabilities of the computer and the number of threads that the processor can run at a time. Being able to run more threads would allow for more solutions to be maintainted.  
c. They would have to be implemented in parallel and be able to communicate between the threads to provide the best search paths. When some threads find a better, they pass the information to the other threads and prune out the poorer search directions. 
Random restarts are random in their starting location and do not use the information from other searches to guide further iterations. It has no pruning element that narrows the field of the search. 
